{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15980\viewh10700\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi Lukas,\
\
Thanks for a great semester! I had a lot of fun learning JS.\
\
Just a quick run-down of what\'92s in this folder/what has changed:\
\
1. Assignment 1 (Hello World): Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald\
	- Minor type issues revised\
	- Text:hover revised to reflect whether link is an image or target=_blank url\
\
2. Assignment 2 (Console Loop): Emoji Pattern\
	- Ran in to some issues here\'97the code we were writing didn\'92t end up working (the loop didn\'92t play). I am attaching my original code here, for the following reasons:\
		- The pattern is
\f1\i  
\f0\i0 in a setTimeout loop.\
		- The emojis don\'92t come out in weird question marks.\
\
3. Assignment 3 (Cookies): Dream Collage\
	-Edited some more images to have transparency (e.g., they don\'92t have angular borders).\
	-Also ran into issues here. The cookie we wrote sets, but does not update when moved. When one refreshes the page, the div position does not reflect where it previously was (I looked at it with a SimpleHTTPServer). If you want, you can look at it and let me know what\'92s missing and I will update the rest of the code accordingly. \
    -Bug with the jumping divs still couldn\'92t be fixed. This is a known issue in the community. \
\
4. Assignment 4 (API): Google Maps API: 11 Nations\
	-Everything as presented. I actually fully figured out this one!\
	-Here are the links to my fusion tables, if you\'92re interested:\
		-U.S. Counties (Data from U.S. Census Bureau): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fusiontables.google.com/DataSource?docid=15bCrqDsYSypoVsxXcvMxR8e-EK1HMYkJ1zA0Yexy#rows:id=1"}}{\fldrslt https://fusiontables.google.com/DataSource?docid=15bCrqDsYSypoVsxXcvMxR8e-EK1HMYkJ1zA0Yexy#rows:id=1}}\
		-Poverty Levels (Data from U.S. Census Bureau): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fusiontables.google.com/DataSource?docid=18BhnrvKNAMxeriLZc2W6Zmr_QxuQFgtxhENj5ebX#rows:id=1"}}{\fldrslt https://fusiontables.google.com/DataSource?docid=18BhnrvKNAMxeriLZc2W6Zmr_QxuQFgtxhENj5ebX#rows:id=1}}\
\
Again, thank you for everything. If you want to continue troubleshooting the second and third projects, I would be happy to, although I understand now the class is over and you probably have more important things to do. But even going over the code with you has helped so much! \
\
Also, I would like to update my API project in the near-ish future to reflect more interesting and relevant information (in terms of the grey dot markers). I will send it once I\'92m done!\
\
Have a wonderful new year.\
\
Best,\
Esther}